good afternoon my little pumpkins
let's just start the news I do have some
good news on dota 2 beta I am currently
making a morphing gameplay video as you
can see sorry I couldn't finish it but
if you keep watching this video you will
see what most irritates me about dota 2
better but anyways I did get a lot of
hero play requests and I will do them
after i'm done with this one so guys
news number one more and more rumors are
spreading valve did send photo to beta
invites three hours ago so start
spamming your emails and keep checking
but the next wave is rumored to be next
week friday Australian date and Thursday
American tank so guys be prepared valve
did frequently put two more heroes
conquer and blood seeker or gladiator
and blood hunter i will post these
updates on my description just right
below and so feel free just the reader
or browse through it also an update on
my game giveaway keys I did decide to be
very generous and give all my dead on
keys to people actually make me a logo I
do have seven that island keys left but
the logos should be presentable and if
you're making one so people who do that
get free that island keys and if that on
keys are gone guys that means one thing
I am prepared to give away my spare dota
2 beta keys to a lucky subscriber but
more of that after that island keys are
gone so enjoy this game play of
morphling it's not much but you guys
should enjoy it I don't just don't
forget guys please don't forget to Like
comment and subscribe to this video and
if you also need to ask questions or
just chat with me just add me on steam
and we'll have a little kinky time here
this is skizzy saying laters
pour it on
ass
you